
"We had an 8:00 reservation this past Friday for our first dinner at The Upton. I always forget what a shitshow parking in Old Town can be (It's like I've blacked out the memories of living near there like a PTSD victim) so word to the wise: take advantage of their valet.\n\nFirst impression: This place is tiny and CUTE! As a few other reviews have mentioned, the majority of seating options are outdoors. I hope this doesn't deter business in the blazing hot months that are just weeks away (sob), but with ample tree coverage, tons of umbrellas and hopefully a strong mister system, I think evenings out on this back patio will still be pleasant in the summer.\n\nWe started off splitting the farro salad, which was a tasty mixture of perfectly-cooked farro, roasted cauliflower, diced tomatoes and arugula/herbs all tossed together. It comes with a charred lemon half for squeezing over the whole thing, which is a refreshing touch. The menu doesn't mention cauliflower and tomatoes at all, so just an FYI. (Fiance doesn't LOVE cauliflower, so it would have been nice to know about.)\n\nFor mains we chose the vegan ramen with tofu (for me, obviously) and the Little Havana sandwich. The ramen bowl was outstanding! Deliciously spiced tofu, a variety of mushrooms and a ton of other veggie mix-ins all made for a tasty (and huge; I tried my hardest but I think there was still half left) bowl. The \"Little\" Havana was a not-so-little take on the Cuban that got rave reviews. We decided to split a side of fries...because who cares?! They were hand-cut and I couldn't stop dipping into the bowl long after I was full. Clearly, portions are great here. \n\n(That's code for: Maybe don't be so fat like us and order like it's your last meal on earth.)\n\nAll in all, a tasty-face visit!"
"Nice little place. The atmosphere is the best part of this place. The staff is friendly. The patio is nice and cool due to the portable AC units and mists. Inside is a little crowded but nice still. The portions are small. Specially the steak. I order the Hotel Nacional drink and it's overpriced. The glass is about 8 oz? Not worth $12 at all. One of our parties order the pull pork and it was the best value. I recommend this place to come and enjoy the patio but not if you are looking for a full dinner experience. The menu is overall overprice for the small portions, entrees don't come with side dishes, you'll have to pay separately and they are about $6.  I will return but not for dinner. I recommend this place as a social place to meet friends."
"I really would like to give this place a two, but the ambiance and char siu ribs were great.  \n\nWe had a large party and it is expected things will be slightly slower, but 20-25 minutes for cocktails followed by an hour wait for dinner?  It is a new restaurant, so that's why I didn't give it a two as well since things are probably still getting worked out. \n\nLike a few others I ordered the duck wings and they were EXTREMELY chewy and I felt like a dog trying to rip the meat off the bone.  I asked the waiter if they were supposed to be like that and sure enough he took them back.  What he brought back was a crispy fried wing and what I originally got was a pale boiled looking thing.  The chef must have partially baked/boiled them before and forgot to fry mine.  The waiter said it is the second time the chef did it that night.   Even after they were fried, they were pretty lackluster to me.\n\nThe char siu ribs are really great and pretty much I'd recommend ordering just that x4.   \n\nI also had the burrata which was one of the worst I've had in recent memory.  It was not creamy and rich at all.  \n\nBeyond the ribs, someone had the ramen and enjoyed it.  All those who had the steak thought it was fairly marginal as well as the tacos.\n\nIf you are looking for a vibe place to grab some apps and drinks then this would work.  I wouldn't go back for dinner."
"Love that there's a little gem in old town that is a cool spot without feeling pretentious or that I should be 22  fantastic drinks, great service and yummy food! Try the burrata, shishitos, Chinese style ribs and mofongo special!"
"The Upton is a really cute that has a good vibe and great patio seating. Our server was a bit quirky but it made our experience entertaining. The Manager was really nice and gave us a voucher for two free drinks on our next visit cause the service was a little slow. \n\nWe ordered the ribs which were a bit overdone but the sauce was still good. We then ordered the fried chicken and the pork tacos.  I thought the chicken was good but kind of bland compared to some other places that I've had it. The tacos hit the spot though. \n\nWe tried a few of their craft cocktails and were quite impressed. \n\nAll in all we liked The Upton and definitely plan to come back very soon!"
"I was first introduced to this restaurant at the annual Devoured event at the Phoenix Art Museum.   If you haven't checked out Devoured, you should.   Lots of restaurants, etc. give a sampling of their food and drinks to introduce prospective customers to their establishment.  I liked what I had at the event so I went there with my friend afterwards. And since I had such an enjoyable experience, I chose it for my birthday bash with my favorite gal pals.    I didn't get around to writing a review for those events, but I will now.   Prior, it was cool enough to sit on the patio.   Not today.   Too hot!   Sat inside with a friend for happy hour.   I won't write about the drinks we had but I will about the food.  We had the CHINESE CHAR SIU RIBS and the KOREAN PORK STEAMED BUNS.   Yummmm!!   I have had the ribs on the two prior occasions.   I think it's my favorite.   The meat just falls right off the bones and the flavoring is perfect.  It's lick-your-fingers good.  I wasn't sure about ordering the steamed buns, but I thought, \"What the heck.\"    WHOA!    Double yummm on those as well.  The bun is soft and fluffy, and the the pork is flavored with a sort of Asian sauce I couldn't quite put my finger on.    I would definitely order that again.   The owner Shawn/Shaun/Sean is a definite hands-on owner.   He is friendly and greets the customers as they come in and talks to them in a very nonintrusive way.   Yes, you can bet I would definitely return."
"This place is so hidden I live right in old town and would've never knew it existed (Request to sit on the back patio it's beautiful) I love the modern vibe. I can't get over the atmosphere. I ordered the steak and a side of asparagus and got donuts for desert. The General Manager was so sweet and made it SO welcoming. \nDefinitely coming back!"
"Cute little trendy restaurant.  The inside of the restaurant itself is small, but there is plenty of outdoor seating.  We ordered the pork ribs, the chopped salad and a few of the buns.  Everything was pretty good.  The portion of the ribs were quite large.  I love that the chopped salad.  It was served in a mason jar!  How cool!\n\nWe ordered a few drinks as well.  Not bad!  I'll be back!"
"Visiting AZ and found this place by chance. Glad we did. The food and service was excellent. We ordered way too much food but we had to since it all looked so good. The mason jar chopped salad was great and the jar was a cool touch. The pork tacos also stood out to me when they melted in my mouth. We also loved the plantains that looked like waffle fries. I highly recommend. Oh yeah and it was so good we will go back tonight with the family."
"Took a friend there today for lunch.  We dined indoors and the ambiance was great, kind of felt like an old pub in Europe.  Service was good and prompt.  Prices aren't bad for lunch.  Food didn't live up to what I had expected.  I had read so many great reviews on yelp, various blogs, so I was excited to try their menu.  My friend had the steak with salad and I had the special Phoenix sandwich.  The Phoenix is a pork belly sandwich on a bun.  I should've expected it, but it was oh so fatty and we've both had pork belly before so we knew about the fat content, but thank goodness for the bun soaking up some of that!  The steak didn't have much taste to it and was a small portion but I guess was appropriate for lunch.  The menu was also pretty sparse but I'm assuming that's just their lunch menu because I had read about other items that diners have reviewed that weren't on the menu today.  Overall it was a pleasant experience but I was disappointed with the food."
"The service was brilliant and the food was pretty awesome. We sat outside and right away the manager rushed over to make sure we had an umbrella over us to create shade. He promptly brought over a water bowl for our dog too (without us having to even ask). Our server Kevin was fantastic. He made some great food and drink recommendations. We had the captain crunch pancakes (amazing) and the pork chilaquiles (solid). We had a regular Bloody Mary and a Bloody Mary infused with cucumber gin (which was out of this world). I probably would have had another 5 of bloodys if they were a little cheaper. Overall, a little pricy, but hey its scottsdale. We will for sure be back."
"Strolled in as it was a short jaunt from the W Hotel I was residing at. While confined to the indoors due to the heat, I was pleasantly surprised by the menu , service, staff and basically most everything about the restaurant. The ribs (app.) were heavily hyped, and delivered, the salad I ordered was fresh and was a huge portion, but most of all, the newbie bartender, jacqueline, (sorry for spelling J) provided superb bar service."
"We ate dinner on the patio here.  They had it nicely cooled with lots of fans and a portable AC.  I thought the decor was very cute and colorful.\n\nThe food was okay.  The menu had a lot of trendy stuff on it, like salads in mason jars, ramen, steamed Asian buns.  I ordered the steamed pork buns sandwich.  It was pretty tasty, but also quite small.  My friend ordered the duck wings, which were unique, but they also didn't look very meaty at all.\n\nOverall, we had an enjoyable experience, but I don't feel like I'm dying to return that quickly."
"This place has a nice quaint atmosphere (can't seat a party bigger than 6 inside) but outside is very big and spacious and beautiful with some fun wall art. There are also a ton of space heaters and heaters under your seat if you are ever concerned about the cold during winter.\n\nFor food, I definitely recommend the fried chicken!!! It was delicious and fell off the bone. 2nd favorite was the pastrami sandwich. For sides the cauliflower was delicious. Nom nom...I went with a party of 6 and we ate every plate clean. \n\nI hear the brunch is great...can't wait to go back!"
"I'll start by saying that I'm SOO beyond happy that I found this hidden gem! I've been coming  here since they first opened and I'm still a huge fan!!!\n\nThe atmosphere is awesome! Even when it's dead there's a great vibe going on here. The outside patio is wonderful for larger groups and perfect for a nice Sunday funday gathering. Rose-all-day baby!! The accent painted wall is a nice touch and ties in perfectly with the twisted classy feel of the inside bar. \n\nNow to the service. The service has been absolutely outstanding every time I'm here! All the bartenders are super personable, have amazing attitudes not to mention make some incredible cocktails. I would say that the majority of them are extremely knowledgeable on all ends of the spectrum. The servers are also super friendly and know their stuff! Like I said before I have yet to have bad service here and I doubt I will! I must give a double high five to the friendly manager who is clearly doing a good job of training his staff and running this posh little place!! \n\nOn to the food. All I can say is BRAVO!! All the main entr\u00e9es are spectacular! The southern fried chicken is mouthwatering. The Chinese char siu ribs with smoked peanuts and cilantro pesto are to die for and I could easily live off of the lemon chimichurri cauliflower and mason jar chopped salad for the rest of my life.\n\n*** Also a little secret.... You can bring your dog along if you choose to sit on the front patio!! \n\nWay to go guys! Keep up the amazing work!"
"If you order the egg sandwich for brunch, prepare to eat somewhere else after because our entire group left hungry after ordering this entree. Better places in old town, overall disappointment."
"Stopped in for lunch and had a FANTASTIC steak at a great price point. Will keep coming back! Awesome drink selection and personable staff."
"I am always wanting to try something different in Old Town.  I see the Upton everyday, but had never gone in despite the fact I work in the building right next door.  The fact that you can't really see inside too well from the front always intrigued me because it's pretty much hidden off from any regular main Scottsdale rd. traffic.  The inside was a very nice and quaint bar, but it seemed like there was a lot more to it towards the back.  \n\nWe started off with the fried oysters as well as the crispy duck wings.  I had never really been to a place that served duck wings so that was a pleasant surprise.  They both come with the house chipotle ranch which was very delicious.  The oysters were lightly battered and crispy which was very nice and the duck was well seasoned and very flavorful.  I would have to say the duck was probably my favorite thing that we had.  I then had NYC which was the turkey pastrami on Marble rye and the lady had the pork tacos.  Watch out for the Pastrami b/c (all dirty jokes aside) it's a squirter.  I bit into my sandwich and the first 2 bites there was a small puddle of russian dressing on my plate with the ensuing bite on my hands.  That being sad i'm just glad I didn't get it on my clothes, but usually the best sandwiches are the messiest ones.  It's hard to beat marble rye so can't really complain there.  The pork tacos were a little underwhelming in flavor, nothing really seemed to pop out, but i do like cotija cheese so that's a nice move.  Last but not least, we had the chimmichurri cauliflower which is the \"cool\" veggie to do things with and it was on point.  I definitely would go back, the only thing I was a little displeased with was the poor service.  We definitely saw our waiter maybe....3-4x the whole night and considering how small the place is I feel that is significant.  Easily we saw several members of the same staff twice as much and often times had to ask them for extra drinks or water what have you.  That's really my only gripe.  Oh!  For the pies de resistance they have a nice handful of bourbons and they also have mezcal on their menu so that gets some brownie points from me.\n\nCheers!"
"Another situation in which I truly wish there was a half star to throw into my rating. This is a very positive 3.5 star experience for me. While I've had some tasty things here, there hasn't been anything that's truly made me feel like whipping out a bunch of exclamation points or pull on the sleeves of all my friends demanding they try a bite here. \n\nThe food is pretty good, and I do like the presence of healthier, lighter choices at a price that won't break the bank. The Italian Burrata appetizer was alright, though the bread was super hard and the relish wasn't that creative. The Mussels we had last night were very...how shall I say...fishy. As in, the \"broth\" tasted kind of like how a seaweed-ridden beach smells. Generally, the less \"fishy\" something tastes, the fresher it is. The black bean spread on the accompanying sourdough didn't to jive well for me at all - it seemed like an unnecessary flavor intrusion when a good crusty piece of bread might compliment what you're trying to achieve by developing a nice broth. The vegan noodles were tasty and light, not too salty. I also really enjoyed the salmon and kale salad. The kale was perfectly tender, as was the salmon, and the dressing wasn't overpowering. I tried 2 different cocktails and wasn't blown away, so I stuck with wine on my latest visit. \n\nThe servers and bartenders have always been very friendly. The atmosphere outside is very quaint and welcoming, but the inside doesn't have much of a personality to it. It's kind of how I feel about the menu - not really sure what the objective is from a flavor or ambience standpoint. I want to like it here with it's great location and setting away from the craziness. It's a cute little enclave and priced just right. For how charming and inviting the exterior is, there isn't much character that really draws me in. I will probably be back and will be eager to see how the menu continues to rotate in hopes that some of the food makes a little more sense."
"Ok.  The steak was amazing. The fried chicken was amazing. The cauliflower was amazing. \n\nSat on the patio and really enjoyed the ambiance. \n\nGood night with friends :-)"