
"Great food! Tasty!  I have been twice and both times I have been  happy with the service. At my most recent visit in Dec. of 2011 our waitress was very polite and attentive to our needs staying on-top of the drinks and hors d'oeuvres. The steak was cooked to perfection. For appetizers we had the escargot, frog legs, and shrimp cocktail.  The frog legs were great and prepared in a tasty sauce.  The escargot was in my opinion sub par. \n\nMy only real issue with the evening was the noise. The room we were sat in behind the wall of the bar had horrible acoustics. To be fair I think part of it was due to a few large and loud parties but it was clear that the room had poor acoustics. I don't enjoy yelling across the table to person across from me.  The first time I ate at the Tornado Room we were sat in the room off the kitchen area and the noise had not been an issue so I would recommend requesting that area for seating if making a reservation."
"This steakhouse was well worth the three block trek from my hotel through knee deep snow. The bar has a relaxed 'low lighting' retro vibe and the dining area is predominantly laquered dark wood wainscoting with a mix of tables and booths in an exposed beam construction d\u00e9cor that kinda feels like a cross between an older hunting lodge and a Swiss ski chalet, decorated with a mix of classic wall mountings (I recall an old woodsman's axe and a muzzle loader amongst the animal heads). Also, there are a few classic 'pearls of wisdom' written on the horizontal beams in the rafters.\n\nThe winelist doesn't compare to what you'd find in California, but the cocktail list is a good mix of fancy 'chick drinks' and twists on old school classics. The bartenders in this place actually know how to make a good cocktail!  I had the bartender turn the \"Casino Royale\" into a passable \"Vesper\" with just a little tweaking.  Specialty appetizer breads, veggies and dipping spreads were also a nice touch.\n\nHaving had a steak the night before, I opted for the duck breast. I ordered it med rare and it arrived cooked exactly as requested. The port wine currant reduction was sweet and tart at the same time, perfectly off-setting the fattiness of the duck. While the main dish was perfect, the sides were somewhat bland and overcooked and required taking a little salt and pepper and the bread spreads to 'liven' them up. Although, this is not unexpected with a baked potato and steamed veggies. I was also pleasantly surprised to see they periodically offered frog legs and rabbit on the menu. In addition, they  had a scaled back late evening (after 10PM) menu for the night owls.\n\nService was fast and friendly. The only hiccup of the evening was when I asked for asparagus as a side and got a baked potato instead. When I mentioned the oversight to the waitress, she politely apologized and brought the asparagus a few minutes later, with no addition to the tab. \n\nConsidering the top notch quality of the meal and accompanying cocktail, the price was very reasonable. I overtipped 30% for the good service and still paid less than $40. This is a much better bargain than you would get in almost any other major metropolitan area in the USA.  If I ever make it back out to Madison for business again, my first dinner back will be at Tornado Steak House."
"We decided to give this place a try after reading good reviews about it from different websites. I hate to admit that everything here were overrated. I was only here once and my review may not be the most accurate out there. I would love to give this place a second chance, but given the price and my first experience, maybe not in few years.\nFor appetizer, I had the escargot. It was okay but not very special. I've had better for cheaper price. I also had the caesar salad, and it was also just okay (but then, I don't have high expectations from the salad). Finally, for main entree, I ordered a T-bone steak and shared it with my husband. The steak, which was supposed to be the highlight of the night, was dissapointing. I asked for a medium well one, and it was burned and dry. I have been eating medium-well steak all my life, and it's not an impossible requests especially in good steak restaurants. I am not sure if they were busy that night or they grilled it for too long, but for a $30-40ish dollar steak, it was wayyy overrated. \nI felt bitter for the rest of the night, mostly because I consumed too much carbon and because I had to pay a lot of money for that."
"Clearly, you go here as much for the atmosphere as the food. The Tornado Room is classic 1950s--you kind of expect to see Dean Martin sitting in a booth near the bar. Our server was very good and efficient, although she was hampered by a slow bar throughout the night.\n\nThe food, while generally good, did have a couple of mis-steps. When one goes to a classic steakhouse, it is almost mandatory that you either order the wedge Caesar or the French onion soup.I ordered the soup, and it was served at a temperature that would be generously described as a lukewarm. The flavor was fine, but the temperature clearly left something to be desired. I'm not sure if it was simply under heated to begin with, or if it ended up sitting in the window for too long, but whichever was the case, it was a bit of a disappointment.\n\nWhenever I go to a steakhouse, I tend to avoid the obvious menu choices. I am a firm believer that any competent kitchen can throw a high - quality steak on a high temperature grill and produce solid results. For me, the test of a good steakhouse is how they deal with less commonly prepared cuts. The beef menu at the Tornado Room does not offer much beyond the standard filet/strip/porterhouse mix, but they did have a marinated flank steak on the menu, so I decided to see what they could do with this. The steak was cooked perfectly, but whatever it was marinated in had no discernible flavor whatsoever. I never add salt or pepper to a steak until I have tasted it, as I prefer to trust that the kitchen knows how they want the steak to taste. In this particular case, the steak had clearly not been seasoned beyond what was in the marinade, and the flank steak required some seasoning help to reach optimal flavor. \n\nAll this said, I did find a Tornado Room to be an enjoyable experience. Next time, I'll make sure to try one of the more standard steak offerings and see what they do with it."
"Just arrived in Madison on business for a few days and my hotel recommended Tornado Steak House as being the hands down best steak in town. Went with a co-worker and we were not disappointed. The steaks were outstanding and our waitress Keysha took great care of us ...can't wait for a return trip!"
"Returned to Tornado's late night menu for a third time with a group of six. We ended up all getting up and leaving after ten minutes due to having an extremely unpleasant experience with a server there. We were given a gift certificate and were asked to return after a friend called in and expressed our feelings about that night. I returned for a fourth time, this occasion I was with a group of four. We started off each with a different cocktail. Those that stood out were the key lime gimlet and the other cocktail had strawberry and cucumber notes. I can't recall the name of the drink, but it was DELICIOUS. Very refreshing and light. For appetizers we had the scallops, two orders of the cocktail shrimp, and cheese curds. Everything was delicious. The scallops were nice. They are poached and in a white wine sauce. I thought it was fun to try something different versus the always seared, or bacon wrapped scallop. For entrees we all ordered the 8 oz sirloin steak, medium rare. Every steak was perfect. Seasoning was balanced well, temperatures were on point, and the meat was tender. For dessert, we basically got one of each. We had the cheesecake, the carrot cake, custard, a caramel bar of some sort, and the pineapple upside down. I thought most of the desserts lacked sweetness. However, it didn't matter to me because I was there to have my ultimate favorite, the pineapple upside down cake. It is the best dessert by far, and one of my favorite desserts that I've had at any restaurant in general. Our server that night was Aubrey, and she was wonderful. I know my table was constantly ordering things, but she was very patient and always attentive with us. I'm giving Tornado Room a five star rating not only for the excellent food, but also for the customer service. They really wanted us to come back and have a pleasant experience. This time we did get to enjoy Tornado Room, so thank you for your above and beyond customer service. Will be returning many more times."
"Loveeeee!!  Start with scallops! Anything you order will be delicious! I can't wait to come back to Madison to eat here again! This is by far my favorite steak house I've been to. Love the bar and ambiance!"
"This is the most popular restaurant and bar in Madison right now, according to a bunch of chefs and bartenders I ended up meeting, and it is so for all good reasons. It is a classic steakhouse supper club that's been unchanged for decades, but the wood is all warmly polished, the dim coloured lights are in perfect condition and the menu, though completely classic, is cooked with total love, impeccable quality and attention to detail. Some menu items are weirdsville to me - the giant chunk of iceburg lettuce slathered in blue cheese and French dressing, the deep fried cheese curds, the steak all alone on a hot plate topped with a single enormous onion ring. All sort of bizarre to this Montrealer, but that was honestly probably the best steak I've ever eaten, and the cocktails and local microbrews were just perfect too. We ate at a small table in a cozy black booth in the front bar and it was cozy and perfect. \n\nFunny sidenote: Later in the week I was having a beer in another great bar in Madison (great in a completely different divey way) and I started chatting with the gent next to me and it turned out he had actually cooked my amazing steak at the Tornado Room! So shout out to Kalyb, give that man a raise!"
"The outside of this restaurant has always prevented me from going in. However, it was awesome. I didn't get steak - I got the venison and a cheese plate appetizer. It was all delicious.\n\nService: Wonderful. My waitress was very very friendly and attentive.\nEnvironment: A little bit woodsy, but cozy. Dark (like all steak houses). And I like that it's made up of lots of different small rooms rather than one large dining area."
"Probably the best steak place in Madison.  Great atmosphere - old school supper club, but younger waitstaff and a great bar.  Very close to the square, so a great place to start the night.  Do not miss the late night menu (10PM-1AM) - the food sandwiches are fantastic and very reasonably priced."
"One of the best places in Madison for late night food and drinks. I don't usually order something as heavy as a steak sandwich, but if someone else at your table orders one, you will regret not doing the same. Fried cheese curds - what's there to improve upon - but I swear Tornado's is the best. \n\nThe old-timey jukebox in the basement worked the last time I was there, and takes coins. I think it fits the decor better than a giant LCD jukebox would. Late night jams and metabolism-ruining consumption, what more can you ask for?"
"The Tornado Room is a quality establishment through and through.  Nestled in the near-Capitol cove of Madison's downtown, you'd usually perceive it to be one of the typical college bars that surround it, but instead you're presented with a walk back in time to the nightclubs of days past.\n\nThe ambiance of an old-style nightclub is perfectly created from the Frank Sinatra-isk music to the tiny tables surrounded by big circular booths.  You've also got the low lighting, pleasant conversation, an old-style bar, and the aroma of juicy steak.  It literally feels like you're in an episode of Mad Men when you sit down at this restaurant.  One of my friends said that he thought it felt very Wisconsin-Authentic, and I think that claim is deserved as you get some of the down to earth feel with all the casual conversation and comfort eats.\n\nI've been twice so far; the first time I went with a party of about 8-10 people for dinner, and was treated to one of the best filet mingon's I have ever had.  I love good steak, and I feel if you are going to eat steak you should go all out because otherwise you could probably just get a good burger instead.  This is definitely the joint to splurge on, as the reward is a slice of succulence.\n\nThe second time I went, it was with 3-4 friends for drinks and a social hour.  The tables are well suited for this, as the circular design and center-table focal point keep you all within close range for conversation.  They're not terribly accommodating space-wise, but the good conversation promoted by this setup allows for one to ignore that aspect.  Waitresses that I've had were very cordial, timely, and pulled just the right moves to ensure that they would be receiving a generous tip.  All of us had a great time, and would definitely go back again.\n\nIf there's any drawback of the Tornado Room, it's that the prices are steep.  This is certainly not a place you would go to every weekend, unless of course your making six figures and blow your nose with $100 bills.  But it IS a steakhouse afterall, so the prices are respective to the quality of service that is received."
"I love that this place has late night eats. It's pretty much like a reverse happy hour, but for food. From 10pm to 1am in their bar and lounge area, you can get specially priced goodies like a steak sandwich for $8. Their bar area is really nice for a late night date. The lighting is dim and sexy. You will find yourself making out with someone like this one couple we saw. The sexy food and sexy lighting will guarantee that you can't keep your hands off each other."
"My husband & I were less than impressed w this place. Ambiance is nice and cozy. Bread was ok and bland. My onion soup was good but that's hard to mess up. I got the fillet a puave and it was ok. It was a nice cut and for this fillet alone I'd prob give it 4 stars but everything else was disappointing. My husband got the bone in rib eye & although it was a pretty piece of meat it was more of the \"should of been a roast\" quality. Wooaaah woooaah.  =(  The hash browns we're golden on one side and raw on the inside. Steak fries were cold and bland. Coke was stale.  We won't be going back unless we go for drinks alone. Flemings still wins our vote for food still. This place just didn't make the cut."
"I can sum up the entire Tornado experience with \"good not great\". First, you must get there early and have a martini in the old fashioned bar.  Wonderful dark supper club esq decor, complete with vintage bar stools.\nThe dinner was ok, escargot was amazing! Very flavorful sauce.  Caesar salad  very disappointing, not enough dressing, and everyone likes a good Caesar at a steak place.  No option for mashed potatoes- really? Only baked or fries or an option the waitress couldn't really explain.  Steaks were good- not great.  Tornado can't cook Brussels to save their life, very underdone, do not order!  An expensive place should be quick with the drinks, tornado was not.  Which is a rookie move, more drinks equals more tip!"
"The one restaurant in Madison I just keep coming back to. I've only ever been for the late night menu and I have a policy against ordering anything besides the $13 sirloin- it would be downright sinful. I haven't had a better steak since living in Madison, and I imagine the only way I would is if I came a little earlier for the full menu. But who can resist an 8 oz steak for $13?!?! My boyfriend usually gets the scallops, and sometimes we share. The scallops are really wonderful, too, and come with three scallops with a great cream sauce on a bed of mashed potatoes in a scallop shell. Yes, I've stolen the scalloped shell dish on several occasions. I try to convince everyone I go with to get the sirloin, but my best friend would always get the salmon sandwich or steak sandwich and raved about both.\n\nThe Tornado Room reminds you of a smoker's lounge in the fifties (not that I've been to one), it's very dark and antique looking. When you go in late night, you seat yourself at whatever table is available. There's an upstairs and downstairs, but it can sometimes be a little bit of a wait to get a table, especially if you're there with a  group. There's really only one table that will accommodate a group larger than 4/5, so you kind of have to get lucky.... we always have."
"The bartender says it has been open since 1996!  Did not know about this place until about 3 years ago and finally got the chance to go today.  This has an old 1960's typical Wisconsin supper club feel.  We had prime rib with yorkshire pudding  and filet au poivre.  These steaks are well presented, perfectly done and taste wonderful!  Our server knew her menu items well.  The fresh baked bread and butter was melt in your mouth.  The wine and cocktail selection is extensive. Compliments to Tornado!"
"My favorite steak house in Madison. I have to come hungry, but the bone in sirloin is amazing and always cooked appropriately to order and not overdone.  French onion soup and wedge salad are great pairings.  I love the ambiance. Great place for a drink as well"
"It's a steak joint of the old school. \n\nThe music is strictly loungey, the bar is dark and kind of cramped, the lighting is low, the portions are big and the steak is excellent. It's one of the finer steaks you can get in town; well-aged, well-seasoned, cooked perfectly, and they have a very complete menu of beefy goodness. Their non-steak entrees are respectable, but not really the star of the show. They serve a signature, monstrous 20oz bone-in tenderloin that is delicious, expensive, and unless you've prepped for a few days, nearly impossible to finish. My usual 8oz fillet is, with sides and bread, usually enough to fill me up (and I occasionally border on gluttony). \n\nThe vibe is strictly supper-club - white tablecloths, raw vegetables on the table, wood panelling, rustic hunting-lodge decor, slightly wobbly chairs, martinis aplenty and straight-up steakhouse food. The sides are the same sort of unpretentious, classic American fare - your choice of spinach salad, green salad, casear salad, or iceberg wedge with roquefort, and your steak comes with potato or vegetable. That's where it kind of breaks down a bit - the vegetables aren't their strong suit (usually just steamed green beans, broccoli, or asparagus), and the potatoes range from fantastic to kind of bland. Hash browns are crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, but sometimes are a bit greasy for a lot of palates. The steak fries are excellent - big, crispy and fluffy, and piled high. Baked potatoes are none-too interesting. The food is, however ,consist ant. You can pretty much be guaranteed the same thing each time you go there. Unlike many of the other steakhouses I've experienced, it's been almost ludicrously stable - what's good is always reliably good, and what's weak has always been weak. They have a plan and a menu and they're sticking to it. \n\nService is usually quite good, although during peak times they often seem a little more harried than I'd expect from a place with this much history behind it. It gets crowded quickly on a weekend, and the waiting area is somewhat odd and uncomfortable - clearly it's preferred that you wait in the bar and spend some cash on their (admittedly excellent) mixed drinks. \n\nIt's not tremendously expensive, but it isn't cheap either. A standard dinner for a table of two can run $75 with a drink. Not quite as high as some of the fine-dining establishments in town, but not generally a bill to be taken lightly.   It also helsp to make reservations well in advance, as the long serving times and large quantites make this place the kind that fills up fast and doesn't do a lot of quick turnover."
"Simply overrated! Money well spent somewhere else! Ordered a T bone steak medium rare but got it well done. Very expensive for the quality of the food."