
"This is a suave & sophisticated watering hole, which even on a windy & rainy Sunday night had a nice-sized crowd in attendance.  The lights are dim, and the beer & wine menu is interesting & eclectic.  Even though the crowd trends younger, it is still a good \"adult\" place to go for a drink and a chill out."
"Come for those taxidermied ostrich heads, stay for the drinks. We only stopped in for a quick drink on our way back to our Air bnb, but Bily Kun left quite an impression.\n\nWe sat at the bar and were able to solicit some guidance from the bartender on the drinks menu, which was heavily laden with Czech beverages such as Becherovka, an herbal liquor. It was recommended that I try the Czech mule, which is essentially a Moscow Mule made with Becherovka instead of vodka. I expected the drink to be bitter but it actually had a refreshing cinnamon quality to it along with the ginger beer flavor. I loved it! My boyfriend ordered an absinthe-infused drink, which he enjoyed.\n\nYes, the decor was cool. On a scale of 1-10, I would put the enjoyableness level of the ostrich heads on walls at a 9.5.\n\nOnly minor downside was that the bartender seemed a bit miffed when I had trouble with the payment system, where the payer uses a handheld device to make the purchase. These are confusing for a newbie such as myself, especially as I don't read French."
"This is an awesome bar near Salon Doame (only dance club in the Mont Royal neighborhood). GQ Magazine named it one of the top bars in the world for the beautiful crowds. It has a high reputation for quality. The decor and ambiance is just dope. It serves great beers, including a few famous Czech ones, and it's a place where you can find some attractive people. The atmosphere is dark and intimate. There's also a nice patio directly in front of the bar which allows you to people watch in a strip off one of the more heavily trafficked streets in the city.  The bartenders are true mixologists as well.  This is a great place to bring a date or hang out with a group of friends. This is my favorite bar for beer in Montreal."
"A little too loud? A little too dark?\n\nService was slow... Until the 2nd waitress started her shift..\n\nI just want a beer, a pre dinner drink?! The place kind of empty.. and still so hard to get a beer or 2? Maybe I should just fetch my own drink and ask my Yelp friend to tip me.\n\nOstrich heads lining up the wall kind of neat... wondering where I can get some ostrich wings? \n\nGreat to take your date here because you cannot really hear each other and everyone looks better in the dark...."
"We stumbled on this place after taking the bus down from Mont Royal on a Friday afternoon.\n\nThe beer menu was very broad, the service was excellent, and the front window had been rolled back to let the warm air in on a very nice late September afternoon. It was a very pleasant stop.  Obviously full of colorful locals.  I know that we were not in the USA but didn't sense that this would be Red State if it were below the border...."
"I'M very much in like of this place. Our first stop on our self created bar crawl. We ordered sangria and chatted while the dj spun a mix of house and hip hop. This is def a date place its cozy vibe and low lights scream take me home when we leave here. I would recommend coming here with someone you can sit very close to and want to look at under flickering candles before you see them naked. We didn't order food or any other drinks but they seemed to have the standards and a really nice wine and beer list. This place is def for locals. We didn't have any issues grabbing a table but apparently this place gets packed so i would suggest coming before 12am."
"Bily Kun - why ostrich heads? It is very possible that any other animal head peering down at you from above while you consume your delightful drink of choice would cause an entirely different feeling. Cow heads? Pig heads? No. No. Thankfully, the bar is dark and there are other things to attract your attention. Such as the young and old milling around, the drink in your hand, and the live music that you may have been lucky enough to catch before it abruptly ends. \n\nThis Czech bar is a local hit and you will rarely find it on a slow night. The cocktail list is pretty unique, with booze from Holland, Mexico, Poland, and of course the Czech Republic. The next time I return to Bily Kun, I may just try something a little more adventurous than my blonde beer. Maybe some absinthe, or a fernet and tonic? It's sure to be a tough decision, but lucky for me, I have seven ostrich friends to help me decide."
"Location: On Mont-Royal. The closest subway is Mont-Royal (less than 10 minute walk from there). Street parking is available [metered] but good luck finding a spot amidst all the traffic and already parked cars. \n\nThe place/goods: Dark and intimate setting that tells me it would be a perfect place for a date. Czech-inspired, these guys offer up some delicious cocktails and are one of the few (perhaps only) bars in town to offer Absinthe. They also have a good beer selection and offer stuff you won't typically find in other bars. I didn't have anything to eat this time around, so will report back once I've had a chance to go back. \n\nService: Good.\n\nPrice point: Pretty reasonable given they're a pretty popular place, and on the Plateau."
"Fran\u00e7ais plus bas:\n\nBilly Kun is my favorite Day Bar. In my humble opinion at night, it's a fracking disaster: Music is too loud, it is jammed pack. The place kind of have a Pool smell because of the Javex or something and when packed with people, It doesn't feel like it's ok. Thing you must know about the decor is the stylish Oestrich head on the wall + the little Hexagonal tuiles that makes the place kind of look like a public pool. In the Men's room there's a pool isle with reversed numbers AND THE FASTEST HANDRYER IN THE WORLD! 12 seconds! (that what is says on the machin). The staff is friendly and they look like they enjoye their working environment. If you haven't been in Prague, well my first advice would be GO!! IT's a Walt Disney for the  Adult MAle: Cheap beer, beautiful Women, amazing architecture.... Until you go, Billy kun offers that famouse Budwar. The beer that had the name Budweiser and got into this multi-millions trial on who owned the name on the Market Place: Praha BRewery (which I don't know the name) or the American one. Needless to say who won! Unfortunatly the worst one in taste won! Not kidding the Budwar (AKA Czechwar in North America) is a SOLID Czech Lagger\n\n\nBilly Kun c'est mon bar de jour favori. A mon humble opinion, l'exp\u00e9ricience du bar le soir est d\u00e9sagr\u00e9able: La musique est trop forte, l'\u00e9clairage trop sombre et  la place est occup\u00e9e! Il y a une odeur de piscine dans la place, un peu chlor\u00e9 \u00e0 cause du plancher en tuile surement lav\u00e9 au Javex. Le probl\u00e8me c'est que de jour, on comprend que \u00e7a fait propre et c'est bizarre a expliquer mais \u00e7a fait parti du d\u00e9cor. Au toilette des hommes, il y a m\u00eame quelque couloirs de natation en face des urinoir avec les num\u00e9ros \u00e9crit \u00e0 l'envers. Il y a aussi LE S\u00c8CHE-MAIN LE PLUS RAPIDE AU MONDE! 12 secondes! Oui Madame!!! Rien de moins!Quand c'est plein, le mixte d'odeur des gens, la pesenteur de l'air chloris\u00e9 devient pu aussi int\u00e9ressant et tout d'un coup, un peu moins concept!  Le personnel est courtois sans \u00eatre coin\u00e7\u00e9 o\u00f9 trop personnel. Il y a les habitu\u00e9s du jour, la musique est souvent sympa et y'a un peu de jazz live desfois.\n\nBilly Kun sert une bi\u00e8re Tch\u00e8que et un genre de Jaggermeister Tch\u00e8que qui s'appelle le Beroveska ou un truc du genre. Mon avis la-dessus: C'est pas buvable! Mais plusieurs adore et les Slovaques et Tcheque eux en boivent en masse. On y vend aussi de la Czechwar, la meilleure Lagger commerciale que j'ai vu dans ma vie. La Czechwar est la Budwar en Europe et c'\u00e9tait anciennement Budweiser avant qu'un m\u00e9ga-proc\u00e8s de plusieurs millions de dollars aille lieux sur les droits d'exploitation de Budweiser. En fait, l\u00e9galement parlant les am\u00e9ricains ont gagn\u00e9 m\u00eame si 1: celle tch\u00e8que est hautement sup\u00e9rieur 2: Ce sont les tch\u00e8que qui ont commenc\u00e9 a utilis\u00e9 le nom!  Enfin! Si vous n'\u00eates pas encore \u00e9t\u00e9 a Prague (Le Walt Disney des Hommes adultes par excellence:Bi\u00e8re pas ch\u00e8re, Belles Femmes et Architecture a couper le souffle. Le Billy Kun est un bar-tch\u00e8que dans le Plateau!"
"We just stopped in here for a day beer! I love this part of the town. It is very eclectic and \"rock and roll.\" They have a great beer selection and free wifi!!! Get half and half... It's half cider and half sour!!! \nThere are games bring your own company!"
"I went to this bar twice in the past 2 months and I like it a lot. It is very popular so you might have trouble finding a spot, but by getting there early, you should be fine. Drinks are good and their prices are average. I had the pita and humus plate and it was good. But when you go out for a drink with a few friends, the atmosphere is what matters most, and this is why I'll go back there again. It can be a bit noisy but not terribly. There was live music last time and it was really nice. Waiters and waitresses are nice. What I prefer is the decor: both classic and vintage. The crowd includes mostly people in their 30's. Anyway, it's a classic on the Plateau, so you should check it out at least once!"
"My brother and I visited Bily Kun during a recent long weekend in Montreal. We took the Metro to the Mont Royal stop and it dropped us off right near the place. It was a very cool spot, crowded with locals. We probably stood out like sore thumbs but the bartender was very welcoming and even came around the bar and did a shot with us , of what he explained was some sort of  Czech cinammon schnapps. We also indulged in a 20 oz. Tchech-bec. A beer that he explained is only available at Bily Kun. It is brewed in Czech, dehydrated, shipped to Montreal and then re-hydrated with local Quebec spring water. Delicious ! Take the trip and enjoy the atmosphere at Bily Kun !"