
"Warning: BUSINESS TAKING ADVANTAGE OF BILLING DRUNK CUSTOMERS! Charged extra $150 incorrectly on bill.\n\nI'm not surprised why this place is so empty these days. I went the other day with a group of 15. We kept track of everything we ordered and the total should have been somewhere around $280. When our bill came, we were charged an extra $150 in food and beer we never ordered! We never ordered Sapporo but that's what we were billed as well for all beer.\n\nOwner grabbed a beer to get friendly and chat with us when we realized and had the waitress redo our bill.\n\nSure, the customers are drunk but it is NOT okay to take advantage of that and charge for things they never ordered! They're just running their business into the ground at this point and I hope they close down if this is how they'll continue doing things."
"sports bar + Pho = nuff said\n\nReally though. This place is decent if you want to watch the game, eat some pub grub mixed with some viet food. I think they get it from next door. They give tiny glasses for beer which is kind of annoying since I more or less take a gulp and need a refill. There is no aspect that is truly spectacular but combined its not a terrible place to hangout. They have a pool table, some darts, TVs everywhere, booze and food. The crowd here is predominantly Chinese."
"I recon I came here more often during it's \"Platform 2\" days. Although this place changed name, I really don't feel much had changed.\nThis place is apparently the go to bar for Asians in the neighborhood. I rarely see any non asian here aside from those poor souls who got dragged in by their asian friends.\nCheap beer and dice games. And now they got the dart machine. If you ain't into that, just sit back and enjoy a good sport game on one of their many tv.\nMe and my friends love their chicken wing. Only one flavour and it rocked our tummies. There's one time we came at 7 ordered 1 pitcher with 10 baskets of wings between 4 ppl. Don't worry. They come in small portions. You should def hoarder one basket by yourself. No one will judge you."
"It's not the fanciest of places but it's good for a beer and snacks.  I've been here a few times.  If you come here during the weekdays between 4pm and 9pm they have beer specials and half price snacks.  On this occasion we came on a Thursday and they were offering 6 free oysters...although I don't know if I want to eat any seafood from here. Usually after 10pm the place turns into a frat house. The crowd is a little young for what I'm use to but it's fine for a beer.  They also have all the peanuts you can eat for free.  Oh and the waitresses are very friendly. Prices are very fair so you will definitely have more than one pint and still have money for the bus ride home!"