
"I've been to Cinebarre twice now and enjoyed both experiences. Good beer selections that include some microbrews on draft and bottle. The flat bread pizzas are good and tasty. Can be pricy if you order too much, but still a fun time. I took my wife and two boys to see Jurrasic World and everyone enjoyed the experience. Easy to order and service doesn't interfere with the movie. We watch most movies at home these days but found this to be a cool option that we would try again."
"Great place to go for dinner and a movie all wrapped up into one..... There obviously aren't a lot of places to compare this to in the Charlotte area but Cinebarre is a much better experience than Mez in my opinion. The rows of seats in each theater are set up with a companion row of raised bar shelves right in front of where you are sitting and that is where your condiments are located as well as a place you can set your drink if you'd like as well as any food you want to order. The ordering system is pretty simple, there is a notepad where you just write in what you want in sections such as \"drink,apps,main dish, desserts\". Then the waiters will stop by and pick up your sheet and run your order. The layout of this place is a real good idea because to accomplish the waiter service they have just removed every other row of seats in order to make a alley for the servers to get to in so they can move around to every person seated without drawing any attention away from the screen. Also, if you want to, you can clarify with the waiter what you specifically wanted with your order if need be or you can just simply be more detailed when you list your order on the notepad and they will grab the tab and run your order without any fanfare. I found the ordering system to be similar to comedy clubs. Also, when the wait staff does need to interact with you they always seem to use whispered tones since after all you are in a theater and they don't want to bug any of the people around you too much.\n\nAs for the food, they pretty much have a lot of your standard \"bar food\" such as pizza, chicken tenders and chips/salsa. We were fortunate enough to get to sample most everything they had and it was all pretty much par for the course. \n\nThe price of a ticket just to see a movie is 10$ for a standard, 7.50$ for a matinee and they have a 5$ tuesdays special. With the prices set around 4$ a beer and 12.50$ for a pizza you could get into a moderately priced evening of around 30-40$+ if you hit a movie here whilst hungry and thirsty. \n\nThis probably isn't the cheapest movie option out there but for sure it is a nice way to treat yourself if you'd like to have some top notch service with your movie."
"Sorry...we have no butter for the popcorn. Seriously? You're a movie theater. Setting that aside, the pizza and chicken fingers were decent. The youngest enjoyed her grilled cheese. But the no butter thing earns you two stars, which I think is generous."
"My wife and I went with another couple to see the movie Sully yesterday.  The staff was polite, professional, and the movie was great.  I would have given 5 stars, but the kitchen was apparently overwhelmed and our food never came out.  The server apologized profusely, and it had not been my experience on previous occasions, so we just enjoyed the popcorn, beer and a movie.  I also miss the reclining chairs of the other places that serve food in the theater, and the others also let you pick from the available seating, rather than trying to find seats on your own."
"What can be bad about drinking beer and watching a movie?  I have had no service issue like others.  The service has been great and the food is good for a movie theater.  They have $6 minutes Monday-Thursday.  The seats are fine.  They may not be as comfortable as some other movie theaters, but did I mention, you can drink alcohol.  If you don't care about that, go somewhere else, but this serves a niche."
"Wrong wrong wrong.  The reviews are not a true view of this place.  I engaged with no less than 6 employees and all were more than acomodating.  Great seating and a clean theater.  Pizza was great but small.  Not cheap but a great experience.  I do not think you will be disappointed.  Give it a try...you'll like it."
"I was very pleasantly surprised.  I've only ever been to one theatre before this that served alcohol and food and it was a long time ago in college.  I loved the setup.\n\nI wasn't sure how they'd pull this off.  Comfy seats with plenty of leg room and a bartop to eat/drink from. And for theatre food....i thought the fried pickles and blue cheese burger was way above average.  \n\nI even got to drink a decent french rose.  \n\nThe screen and sound were excellent.  \n\nI will definitely see a movie here again.  Kudos to a theater trying to think outside the box."
"We went to see Finding Dory on a saturday night. There were barely any people in the theater which was nice. The service was prompt and the food was decent. We had the blue chz/buffalo burger and chz pizza with fries. The soft drinks are $4 a pop though so thats a little steep but overall we really enjoyed the experience. The commercials are loud but I hope this encourages people to visit the Arboretum Cinebarre cause' it was enjoyable for us."
"waitstaff in bar was not as great as the one in the theatre.  she was terrific!  food was ok, not fabulous but ok.  probably wouldn't eat dinner there again but maybe the popcorn which is served in a bowl (not a typical popcorn bowl, but a metal bowl).  wine and beer selection is good (no liquor here).  be careful about keeping your drinks on the table while you are eating.  unfortunately i knocked mine over from the chair drink holder and made a mess.  the waitress brought me another without charging which was very nice."
"If I had the option to give zero stars I would considering the fact that neither I nor my husband received our food, and we were in different theaters! No one ever came to tell either one of us that we were not going to get our food.  At least my server had the presence of mind to take my sandwich off the bill but my husband was presented with the full bill.  Total lack of care and attention.  At least the movie I saw was entertaining."
"I have only visited this location as a guest of Yelp for an elite event.  So I will grant it 4 stars as that is a special event and probably not indicative of a nightly occurance and want to visit again before I put the 5th star up there.\n\nI will say, hands down, that I was very very very impressed. \n\nThe staff was friendly and accommodating and by staff I mean every single person I came in contact with.  The building itself is updated, the seats are very comfortable, the food is excellent.\n\nI would recommend this to anyone who has kids, and is trying to get out of the house for a date night.  Babysitters can be expensive, so why not combine the dinner w/ the movie. Hang out afterwords at the bar for a last glass of wine or beer, play a game of pool or listen to some live music. All at the same building we used to sneak into in High School (Providence High - Go Panthers!).\n\nOne thing I hate about going to the movies is spending $170 and getting popcorn and a diet coke that is so large my bladder bursts at the least opportune time. Not the problem at Cinebarre.\n\nI took a gander at the full menu last night once I got home, and I feel that it is accurately priced for both food and beverage. I love the concept, it's not as pricey, inconvenient, or stuffy as Mez.  They did a great job coming up with movie friendly food that tastes great.  I like fine cuisine, but struggling with any utensil that isn't my fingers is not what I want to do while watching a movie, so for this, their menu is perfect.\n\nI don't know what their plans are, or how many converted theatres they have available but this to me SCREAMS - \"SPORTS!!!\"\n\nLove the concept of getting a \"bucket\" of beers. \n\nI would be showing Duke v. Carolina, Panthers games when they are in the playoffs this year (I said it), Bobcats games when they are in the plaaaaa... nevermind.  But a huge screen showing the \"BIG\" game with sports friendly foods and beer and wine.. umm yes please!\n\nThe only thing I would add would be a tap light style system under the counter top so people can see what they are writing/reading without busting out the mobile phone. \n\nOther than that. Keep up the good work, we'll be seeing you soon."
"This is the kind of novelty we need in CLT! This emerging chain has the coolest concept - a movie theatre with a bar in the lobby and a restaurant that delivers at your seat during the movie. What's not to love?\n\nThe bar/lobby is expansive with a stylish mix of brushed stainless steel and black leather, offering plenty of places to hang out. The over-sized vintage-looking movie posters are absolutely incredible and add a fun flair. The bar has several great offerings and prices are on-par with other area establishments. You can order from the bar during the movie, too!\n\nEvery few rows of seats in each theatre has been removed to make room for a diner-bar-style arrangement with menus and order pads. How it works: you write the order ticket and leave it in the metal bar sticking up so the servers can see it during the show. Order food and drinks this way; they come around, scan the bar code for your seat and key everything in on a wireless device. When ready, they deliver! By removing every so many rows, they can come and go without disrupting the others. The crew is really nice and on top of things - great service all the way around. How awesome!\n\nThe food you have to choose from (with clever movie title names) is pretty darn awesome. Sandwiches, burgers, pizza, and customary bar-type apps (wings, fries, etc). Great tasting and perfect flick food.\n\nDinner and movie was never more fun!"
"I have been to Cinebarre previously and was not impressed but when I went this past Friday to see the release of Gangster Squad my faith was renewed in this place. \n\nOur server Garret did a great job with our theater. I'm not sure if he enlisted help or if they have a team mentality but I thought everything was brought to us as efficiently as possible. \n\nThe popcorn is brought to you in a big silver bowl and if you want butter they use real butter that gives it a very homemade taste. My husband got a pitcher of beer which I believe was $13 for yuengling. Definitely not that bad for a Friday night. \n\nThe drinks were very good. I got a sangria and my friend got a mimosa. All of the drinks have clever movie related names which I thought was cute. They are line priced with a regular bar, but I thought they were well worth the price. \n\nThis was a great experience. I think an action movie or a comedy would be best to see here because people are fidgeting the entire time, and you need a not serious movie to be able to fully enjoy it. \n\nThey also have fun events which I would like to partake in including brunch on the weekends and $5 tickets before noon on the weekends. \n\nI think one of the things I appreciated most was that you can get a pitcher of girls drinks. I do not drink beer so anytime I can get a cider or a pitcher of mimosas I am one happy girl. \n\nJust one last side note is that I have found free tickets to this theater in the Charlotte Observer so be on the lookout! \n\nThe only reason why I did not give this 5 stars is that the waiter mixed up our orders when giving us the check. We were a group of four split into 2 pairs and there wasn't any way to tell him what went on what ticket because they drop it about 2/3s of the way through the movie. \n\nI had a fantastic time and we will be back!"
"\"Vincent: But you know what the funniest thing about Europe is?\nJules: What?\nVincent: It's the little differences. I mean they got the same sh*t over there that they got here, but it's just...just there it's a little different.\nJules: Examples?\nVincent: All right, well you can walk into a movie theater in Amsterdam and buy a beer. And I don't mean just like in no paper cup, I'm talking about a glass of beer...\" \n- Pulp Fiction\nI'm telling you, I must be in Europe because I'm drinking beer out of a frosty glass in a movie theater! Cinebarre (located in the old Arboretum movie theater) is the new \"it\" place for catching a movie and getting your grub & drink on! I got a chance to check out this place the other day. Cool setup! When you enter the lobby you're greeted with a huge U shaped bar. They've got a small stage for musical acts & even a couple of pool tables. The theater is set up with nice, plush chairs & a long, thin table that runs the length of the each row for your food & drinks. The waiters will wait on you throughout the movie. Great pizza, beer, & the brownies were fantastic! They offer a full menu. The staff is friendly and helpful. Looking forward to catching a few more flix here!"
"Having been to iPic before and really enjoyed the experience I was terribly disappointed with this place. From the moment we walked in I was hit with the smell of stale beer, the floors were sticky and dirty. We really wanted to see the movie and since we bought the tickets online didn't know what to expect so we entered the theatre... The smell of nasty fried food was in the air and I didn't even want to order bottled water, the entire time it felt like I'm surrounded by filth, avoided touching more than I absolutely had to. I would not recommend this place to anyone I like. Big disappointment. We'll not be going back until there is a massive overhaul."
"This place rocks the Casbah! \n\nAs the shell of the old theater that used to be there, Cinebarre is exactly what this area of town needed - a fun, easy going place to take a date, your kids, your mom out for a nice night. \n\nForget the stuffiness of Mez's theaters uptown and the bad parking at Ballantyne Village, Cinebarre has ample parking, great food, full bar AND great movies showing all the time!\n\nWe really got the red carpet treatment over here - from the Braveheart pizza I had (vegetarian, amazing, better than Brixx and Mellow Mushroom!) to the comfy seats and great flick (Will Ferrel rocks), the only thing that could've made my experience better was if it was a double feature.\n\nWith a $5 Tuesday special for movies and a menu I can't wait to try more of, I'll definitely be back - with friends!"
"Some say \"If you can't say something nice don't say anything at all\". So with that in mind I will say that this movie theater successfully played a movie...OH! aaaannnd they serve booze to hopefully get you drunk enough to not notice how terrible the food is.\n\nI guess I can't end my review like that so let me expand.\n\nFrom the moment we arrived at the theater and tried to park I was already not loving it...at least 10 spots were wasted due to fools that felt that they were entitled to 2 parking spaces for their vehicle. This isn't the establishments fault however, merely that of their clientele. Next we walk in and have absolutely no idea where to go or who to show our prepaid tickets to. So we are wandering around trying to find the theater that our movie is in and finally an employee notices us and instead of checking our tickets yelled to us that it was in auditorium #4. Guess we didn't need to pre-purchase our tickets or purchase them at all. \n\nNow on to the food....oh the food. We ordered rosemary and truffle oil popcorn ($9) and yes it came out in a silver metal bowl like when you make popcorn at home. But unlike the popcorn I make at home this had absolutely ZERO flavor. Not a trace of rosemary nor truffle oil let alone any salt whatsoever. It merely tasted like popcorn straight out of the air popper. The word \"styrofoam\" came to mind. The way ordering is set up in this place doesn't really make it easy to let someone know if something is not right. Regardless, it was enough popcorn to equal a small popcorn at any other theater with no flavor at all and they had the nerve to charge $9 for it. Silly. THEN my friend passed down and offered me some pizza. After taking a bite I can see why she was attempting to pawn off an almost entirely whole pizza to the people around her. It was practically inedible. Mediocre dough doused in a bottled bbq sauce, burnt veggies and something only slightly resembling chicken.\n\nLet me put it this way...contrary to the fact that I hadn't eaten all day and was STARVING I wasn't even desperate enough to eat any of the overpriced bland popcorn or the mess this place tried to pass off as pizza. \n\nI just gave 2 stars because the employees weren't jerks and now I know that if I come back here I might not even have to pay the $11 for the movie ticket. I just have to remember to pack my own snacks in my purse next time."
"I think I like the concept of Cinebarre more-so than the execution.  Granted I remember going to the Arboretum Theater before it changed hands so the place has definitely transformed.  We were trying to catch a movie on Saturday evening so it was pretty crowded and we got there without much time to experience the bar area.\n\nJust ordering a milkshake for my one \"let's see how this goes\" went ok.  My order sat up on the counter/table for a while, but the nice girl got to it and it came out relatively in good time.  \n\nI'm not a big fan of how the table and seats are oriented, you almost have to get up out of your chair to reach something or put your drink down (it was a little awkward).  The epicenter theater has me spoiled with their swivel tables.\n\nOverall, it wasn't a bad experience.  I just would not have gone out of my way to see a movie here like I would see one downtown."
"I hate to be the debbie downer here but this place truly stinks. We went for dinner & a movie. I live near Carolina Cinemas in Matthews so I guess I've been spoiled lately? We walked in and it smelled like a mixture of sour beer, moldy washcloths and a splash of fresh vomit. I couldn't understand why no one else was gagging. Once we made it into the theater it wasn't quite as over powering or maybe I was desensitized. \n\nThe menu is limited and the seats are okay. But everything felt kinda sticky - and that along with the stench was enough to put me off of this theater for a very long time. \n\nFull disclosure: I did eat food here too (I can't believe it either). It was okay, and they have a large beer/wine selection."
"My husband and i were really excited to use our Living Social deal on our first trip to the Cinebarre. We thought the concept of food and drink while watching a moving is awesome.  This place however falls really short of expectations. \n\nWe get into the hot, muggy theater with sticky floors and find our seats about 20 minutes before the movie starts. The waiter takes orders from everyone around us and skips us. Once the previews were about half over her comes and takes our order. 10 minutes after that we get our drinks. Our movie started at 7:50 about 8:55 we finally received our food. I ordered the chicken sandwich. It was cold and tough. About three minutes after receiving my food i received my check. Seriously can i try to enjoy my cold chicken before you make me pay for it!! \n\nI was so excited to have a date night here but i definitely will not return. I can see an overpriced movie somewhere else!!"