
"Overview: This McDonald's is the closest McDonald's to the Charlotte Douglas Airport and the most convenient fast-food restaurant (tied with Wendy's next door) to eat or wait before or after an airport pickup. It offers both drive-through and dine-in options, and prepares your food faster than you can count the change to pay for your meal.\n\nThe Establishment: This McDonald's does not have a playpen but is very clean and has plenty of seating. I have never had to wait for a table, and the lines move very quickly. Good amount of parking, and close to a streetlight for easy an easy exit to back to the airport.\n\nThe Food: The same sloppy McDonald's assembly, but gosh I do love how the burgers taste. I always get some kind of burger variant (Big Mac, double-cheeseburger, etc) and I am never disappointed. The quality control between individual McDonald's chains makes it a safe bet if you actually enjoy McDonald's food. Pricing is on-par with other North Carolina McDonalds' and cheaper than anything you can find at the airport.\n\nThe Service: Slightly disgruntled looking employees but that food comes out so darn fast it doesn't matter.\n\nOverview: This McDonald's is clean, in a great location close to the CLT airport, and has good prices. While my aunt was sad that they don't have regional specials like the double-jalapeno cheeseburger, I cannot fault McDonald's for their taste. It's processed flour, ultra-processed meat, and high starch goodness."
"Hola, Bienvenido a McDonald's.\n\nThis is the absolute WORST McDonald's that I have EVER been to in my LIFE!   First off, the health grade never seems to be better than a 94 (http://mecklenburg.digitalhealthdepartment.com/facilities.cfm?facilityID=316649.)  Don't even bother ordering anything that will differ from the way the employees are trained to make it - forget about extra pickles, hold the onions, no ketchup, add mustard - it WILL NOT HAPPEN AT THIS MCDONALD'S!!!  One day, a man ahead of me at the counter simply wanted a PLAIN cheeseburger - JUST CHEESE AND MEAT!  He sent it back 2 times because they kept making it wrong.  Really?  Bread, cheese, meat - that's it.  How hard can it be??  When my simple little ole iced coffee came out wrong (after they had overcharged for <ntag>it</ntag>!) that same man smiled at me and said \"Good luck with THAT!\"  \nAs for the drive-thru?  I've had to jump out of it too many times to count because after I had placed my order at the speaker, we never seemed to move along.  If the car at the pick-up window is waiting on something that is taking an extra long time, YOU will have to wait also.  They don't have that car pull out of line for an employee to bring them their item(s) when ready.  OH NO!!!   EVERYBODY in line has to wait!!    \nDon't bother calling any 800 # about this McDonald's - it's useless.  One would think that the owner of this location would be more proactive in making it a better McDonald's, but after more than 6 years of the same kind of service (or lack thereof!)  I guess not.  The only reason I ever went to this location was because it is close to my work, and options are pretty limited.  But now?  I can't even go back because it's such a waste of time & <ntag>money</ntag>."
