
"This place deserves 5 stars based on these 3 things:\n\n1. AFFORDABLE PRICE: My parents, sister and I visited this place on a Sunday night while visiting Vegas for the weekend.  We ordered soup, pad thai, chicken larb, seafood salad, stuffed chicken wings, sticky rice, thai tea and thai iced coffee.  The total bill was $64!!!  $64 for a complete meal with soup, appetizers, sticky rice, drinks and noodles is pretty dang good!  Not only that, but the dishes weren't dinky and were plentiful!  The Thai Tea and Thai Iced Coffee also came in huge glasses. So much that my parents didn't finish their drinks and had to take it to go.  I'm used to a very fat bill with small portions every time I visit a Thai restaurant back home in California, so $64 looked great to us.\n\n2. GREAT FOOD:  Not only was the place very affordable for a Thai Restaurant, but it was amazingly delicious.  BEST CHICKEN LAAB/LARB I EVER HAD IN MY LIFE! (From a restaurant, that is.  I still think Mom & Bro-in-law makes the best larb in the world).  It was a perfect combination of salty and sour.  I find that some restaurants make it too salty or don't add enough of that larb stuff..... rice powder/toasted rice powder.  I immediately tasted a hint of rice powder and asked my mom if she did too... just to confirm it.  They also added just enough cilantro and greens to add that fresh herb taste to it.  Everything was in perfect unison.  It was just damn PERFECT!\n\nEverything else was great; Tom Yum Soup was flavorful, seafood salad was fresh, pad thai was also delicious and the sticky rice was heaven!  It was kept in a bamboo warmer and had that home quality taste just like the way Grandmas makes sticky rice.\n\nWe ordered a 4 spicy on a scale of 1-10 and it was just perfect.  It was pretty spicy for a 4, but it was just about right.  We got our pepper kick without totally burning off our tongues.  I come from a family that eats spicy food, so I recommend asking for 3 or lower if you can't really take the heat.  \n\n3.  GREAT SERVICE:  I was put in charge of searching for restaurants to go to during our trip, so initially, I was thinking about taking my parents to a more fancier, \"Best Thai Restaurant in the Country\" place.  But last minute, I decided on Archie's because of the reviews that stated this place was a small, family owned restaurant.  Knowing my parents' preference and my own as well, I knew we would enjoy the food and atmosphere of a small restaurant.  The 2 waitresses were super friendly and often checked back on our tables to see if we needed anything else.  They also came back around to refill our water twice.\n\nThe only negative about Archie's is that it's away from the strip.  It's not too far, but its a few miles.  Also, the restaurant is located on a very dark shopping center.   The shopping center was deserted and.... kinda creepy."
"It's nice to find a good Thai restaurant in Vegas.  I didn't expect much from this place, it it some what surprised me.  I love the tomyum soup and the coconut chicken soup.  Yes, I am that crazy about soups :)  The food here was pretty decent.  Some of the items could be better, but you know what, we ordered 7 dishes and only 1 of them wasn't too good.  That's more than what I expected :)"
"Great service! The food was served in a timely manner. We ordered <ptag>panang</ptag> and tofu, Tom Kha gai soup, and pad see ew. Everything was so delicious! The Tom Kha Gai soup was so good. I Highly recommend that soup. It tasted really refreshing. The server accidentally served us the wrong dish. She apologized and gave us the right dish so fast. She was super nice!"
"I have to say...\nI always rank food at ethnic restaurants based on the simplest thing they make.\nI ordered <ptag>Pad Thai</ptag>, which is a good standard at a Thai place. Hands down, BEST PAD THAI. It's the best I've had. EVER.\nWe're had Tom Ka soup to start. I read on some review that it was bland. Www decided that we'd try anyway. Not mad we did. It was great. Super full of flavor\nMy husband had Pad Ke Mow. AMAZING. BEST HE'S HAD.\nThe service was awesome. Not overbearing but they came around enough that were didn't feel ignored.\nPrices were great. Servings were big. I'm a big girl. I can eat anyone under the table. It's true. However, i brought home leftovers."
"The best way to describe Archi's is consistently good Thai food.  \n\nI find myself eating Archi's at least once a week.  The recipes are excellent.  Great Pad Thai, Curry, Fried Rice, and sweet and sour pork.  The dinner prices are average but the lunch specials are great.  For $8 you can have the soup of the day, a spring roll, salad and your meal which is a very large portion.\n\nThe only inconsistency is the service.  Most days the service is friendly and fast but on an occasional busy lunch, the service can be slow and you may find yourself feeling unwanted.  I caution going to Archi's at exactly 12 noon.\n\nOther than that one complaint, Archi's is near the top of the Las Vegas Thai food scene."
"Great Thai food, always enjoy the curry and Tom Yum Soup"
"After the all the great reviews here, we just had to check out Archi's. We fly into Vegas once a year for a convention and we are always looking for a great place to eat \"off the strip\". We did Lotus of Siam last year. Archi's has a lot to live up to. Took a $20 cab ride out here. Food is good but not great. Menu is a bit sparse. Green curry was very average. The ginger beef dish was very good and so was the salad and the chicken satay sticks. We don't need a full bar in a restaurant, but they'd probably get more business if they served beer and wine. You cannot buy ANY alcohol here at all so we settled for tea and water. Had to wait forever to get a cab back to the strip. Overall, food is probably a 4 1/2. Location and decor is about a 3 1/2 . Service was very good. Overall, a good restaurant, but nothing special and for the $40 cab ride out and back, we feel the Lotus of Siam has this place beat hands down, due to closer location to strip and much more interesting menu."
"This is the first Thai restaurant I tried in Las Vegas and I have been going back since. To me the original W. Flamingo location is the best if even only for nostalgic purposes but it is very small and only seats around 20 people. The other two locations are much bigger and more comfortable but something about the food is just not as good. \n\nI love getting the Tom Kha soup and mint chicken! Im getting really hungry just typing about it! The lack of 5 stars is due to the inconsistent spicy rating system. Some times I order a spicy #5 and its fairly bland and other times it burns a hole in my esophagus. But other than that the food has always done a spectacular job of quenching my Thai food cravings."
"I don't get it. \n\nThis was probably the most un-Thai like Thai food I've ever had. I had a lunch special. Red curry with some fried things resembling eggroll and wontons, some steamed rice and some really nice lemongrassy soup. The soup was the only thing I enjoyed.\n\nThe curry was...bland.\n\nBland...Thai...food. I can't imagine much worse in culinary sins."
"I like to get off the strip and eat when I'm in Vegas. These are the places that are worth the drive and won't rape your wallet. My friends and I came here because of the great reviews on yelp. The place was a small little restaurant with drive thru. I recommend this spot for Thai food loving people. \n\nWe ordered the Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, Red and Yellow curry , Pinapple Fried Rice and Tom Yum Kai soup. Everything that came out was delicious. Also got the Thai Tea which came in a large glass and filled me up. I came out here extremely full and satisfied. Next time for you usual Las Vegas STRIP eaters. Try getting out of the area for a bit and give the hidden gems a try."
"My second favorite of the Archi's locations around town. They have all the same great menu items. Some cosider this their favorite location because it's the original, but I enjoy the rainbow location's ambience and service slighty better. Still great and definitely worth the trip here though! \n\nAs with all the Archi's locations I stick with tofu, pork, beef and vegetable most of the time. The chicken always tends to be a little dry and overcooked. Just my personal opinion. Pad Thai, Papaya Salad, Curries, Tom Kha with Veggies and Thai Jerky are my favorites, but there really isn't a bad thing on the menu, except the Thai Macaroni, just stay away from that!\n\nHappy eating!"
"I'm going to base this review on my aunt's and cousins' reactions because they aren't on Yelp and I don't typically choose to eat out Thai food (since..well...my family is Thai so I get the best of it ALL the time at home!):\n\nVisitin from the Bay Area, my aunt and uncle were craving Thai food, so my Vegas-residential-cousins took us here because they believe that it is the MOST authentic Thai Restaurant in Vegas.\n\nAnd they were right. My aunt (who cooks the most AMAZING Thai food) loved everything we ordered:\n\n1) \"Oyster Pancakes\" \n\n2) Pad Lad Na \n\n3) Moo Krapow (Pork Krapow)\n\n4) Yum Woonseen (Glass  noodle salad)\n\n5) Moo Pad Prick (Pork tossed in a chili based sauce)\n\n6) Khang Bhaa (Clear soup curry with veggies and meats) \n\n#1-5 all tasted pretty darn authentic to me, too! \n\n#4 was super spicy! (Maybe bc I'm a weak sauce Thai person...)\n\n#6 wasn't on the menu, so my uncle special ordered it - he didn't think it was all that and feels that you should just stick to ordering things on the menu because that probably wasn't something they knew how to make properly..\n\n---AMBIANCE---\nThis restaurant is pretty small, and on a Thursday night for 5 people - we had to wait about 15 minutes before being able to sit. \n\nThe decor is very very simple with a few paintings scattered here and there. They play very soft Thai classical music in the back that made me feel like I was in Thailand momentarily...\n\n---SERVICE---\nMy aunt was very impressed with the waitresses -- who were all very sweet, smiley, efficient, and polite. (Thai elders are very hard to impress...and they were thoroughly impressed).\n\n---VALUE---\nHuge amount of food! We had tons left overs.\n\nSupponsingly you can come here for lunch and get a huge entree and an eggroll for about $6.50."
"I'm really not going to delve into the authenticity of this place with my review. I'm not Thai, I don't know how to cook Thai food.. I'm really no expert. That being said...\n\nWe went for lunch today and I was blown away by the food. We were the only patrons when we arrived at 11:20. By the time we left at noon, it was packed. Arrive early my friends! \n\nLunch specials are a reasonable $6.95. I've never seen a Thai place with lunch specials, but clearly I've lived a sheltered existence. \n\nChicken pad thai - I guess they make it the \"Americanized\" way, but I don't care.. it was so damn tasty. The portion is quite large for a lunch portion (approx 2 cups?). I couldn't finish half of it. I almost made myself sick trying to eat it all.. yup, I'm a fatty.\n\nBeef with bell peppers - a much more modestly (read: appropriate!) sized entree. The beef was very high quality for an asian stir fry type beef and the bell peppers were tasty as well. While there's nothing special about this dish, it was of high quality and it seemed to be relatively low calorie if you're eating light. Served with white rice.\n\nAll lunch specials were served with a wonton (seemed to have meat in it? yumm), egg roll (just ok!), and soup of the day. The soup today was chicken coconut soup. I think the lady called it that because I'm not asian, because it tasted like Tom Kha Gai to me! A mini cup of Tom Kha Gai to wash down my pad thai with? I'm in heaven. \n\nService was fast, and like I said many times.. the food and ingredients were all top knotch. A pleasant surprise for $6.95 each! I'll definitely be hitting this place again."
"This is my favorite Thai restaurant. I have frequented this location on average 2 times a month for a couple years now.\n\nI usually order the Po Tak soup and Chicken Panang Curry sauce with extra veggies. It comes with rice. When I don't get soup, the Pork Satay with peanut sauce is usually my alternate choice. The satay is the best I've ever had because of its tender, large chunks of meat, and the peanut dipping sauce. \n\nHe usually gets the Pad Kapow (pork) and the Pad Thai (chicken). They are excellent.\n\nMy favorite dessert in the summer is their fresh imported mangos with sticky rice and coconut milk. \n\nThey add spices according to your liking and tolerance level. I like my food a little spicy - but not hot. A three is perfect for me in the summer and a four in the winter. He usually gets a level 10, and I usually watch as he drools and eats packets of sugar. \n\nI enjoy their Jasmine hot tea, the excellent service, clean restaurant, and atmosphere. Ask for Ten, she's the best server."
"One of my favorite Thai places to go to for lunch.   Extremely cheap and really delicious food.    The service was pretty quick, my girlfriend and I were seated in a booth right away and we took advantage of the lunch specials.  \n\nEach of our lunch specials came with soup (cucumber soup?) which I downed quickly and a salad.  I ordered a beef and curry dish while my girlfriend chowed down on her pad thai.   I liked this place's pad thai better than Lotus of Siam's however I still crave Lotus' beef penang..mmm.\n\nThe Thai Iced tea served here was well made here too."
"Love this place.  Eat lunch there once a week.  Red curry lunch special is only about $8 or $9 dollars.  It comes with soup, salad, rice, egg roll and the curry.\n\nNice decor, good service, low prices and tasty food.  What more could you ask for?"
"My friends and I were staying at a resort off the strip which took forever to get into and out of due to construction. We looked to Yelp for dinner choices because we did not want to get stuck in more traffic on Las Vegas Blvd, did not feel like walking in our high heels, preferred to spend our dollars on booze, and were sick of 24-hour cafe food choices. \n\nWe ended up at Archi's for a quick, cheap and tasty meal. We shared some Fried Wontons, Seafood Soup, Pad Thai and Chicken Yellow Curry (all spiced to # 6). All had excellent flavor and were perfectly spiced (I know it is spiced correctly when my nape is sweating even while my tightly clipped bun is still dripping from my shower).  The service was quick, the prices are reasonable, definitely a must-eat if looking to venture off the strip."
"Today my fianc\u00e9 with me went to this restaurant, the food was awesome. I love the Tai Tea and the coconut seafood soup. The only thing not good is the services. Tonight was a bit busy and I observed not enough server. When I ready to order, the server came and asked me what I want, I just want to point the food name on the menu and show it to her, I was checked the name where is it, just 2 second, she asked me \" are you ready to order?\" Asked me two times, I feel not good, like they push you to hurry up. After that, she left a couple moment when I ordered and she said nothing like\" I'll be back.\" I work in restaurant too, I really understand when is busy, everyone will become crazy. I mean your restaurant is very good, the location, decoration and the food is awesome. But if can more friendly it will be more more awesome for the whole image.  I will come back next time, I hope I can see the different because I really love this restaurant!!"
