
"I've been here twice. Decor is wonderful (the ladies room is <ntag>stunning</ntag>! I know..odd but the sinks are beautiful)\n\nFantastic frozen lime margaritas, and great fajitas (once I got the steak,once I got the combo). Both times I asked for veggies well done but it didn't happen....the serving skillets weren't sizzly either time which is part of a fajita experience. Both times I sent them back to get the veggies done more and they politely complied. My niece ordered <ptag>steak tacos</ptag> and got chicken but again, it was quickly corrected. \n\nThe only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was the service. The first time our server was pleasant enough just not very friendly. The 2nd time,our server was a very loud guy who kept wanting to bump fists like we were frat bros, but took 3 reminders for extra napkins. \n\nWill definitely go back again as the food is delicious and that's hard to find around here!"
"Fantastic <ntag>food</ntag> and the pitcher of margaritas was better than I thought it would be. The flaming fajita was just that. On fire as it came to the table. Great presentation. More food than I could finish, and that is saying something. The chips and salsa were hour and delicious also. I definitely recommend.  The service was very good, which can be a challenge for a new restaurant."
"Bland fajitas. Draft beers are big and cold. Chips are cold but not bad. Service wasn't bad but wasn't good either. I'd come back for the beer."
"First let me say the space inside is beautiful. It amazing what they did with the old Outback Steak House space. That is where the enjoyment ends. I have never had Mexican food prepared so bland. The salsa looked like someone poured tomato soup out of a can. Soda was flat and the service was just ok with only three people in the restaurant."
"We had frequented the Don Ramon's in Bedford/N. Randal many times and have always been pleased, so I had a very positive expectation for this new location especially so close to home.\nNope couldn't have been more wrong: Poor service, bad presentation, blah food, unresponsive server and manager. First it was not busy, so the service should have been great, took entirely too long to get beverages and then get our order placed. Then a very long wait before the food actually started coming out of the kitchen. Two of the 4 entrees we ordered were average at best.\nThe kids grilled cheese was sad, it was the last item we received, the cheese wasn't melted and one of the two pieces of bread was the end of the loaf. FYI, there is an Entenmanns Bakery Outlet 2 doors down. The presentation on the plates was pathetic, hey at least try and make it look good, by then I was too annoyed to try and enjoy my meal.\nWhen I complained to the server, she got the manager, when I complained to the manager I honestly don't think he cared to either try and make it right.\nWon't be going back there. Too many places to spend my money that actually care and do a nice job."
"I have visited the Warrensville Heights location on several occasions and never been disappointed.  This visit to the new location was even better.  The Lyndhurst location is closer to where I live and I found out, upon checking out, that they have only been open for 1 week.  I visited on a Friday night, which was fairly busy, so there was a wait of maybe 10-15 minutes.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and the staff is super friendly.  Upon being seated, I ordered <ptag>the Margarita</ptag> ($4.99), on the rocks and the mixed sizzling fajita platter ($15.99)(shrimp, chicken, beef, veggies).  My margarita arrived a short time later, along with a huge basket of warm tortilla chips and a side of nicely flavored salsa.  The entree arrived, and it was delicious.  Sizzling, as promised, huge portion, nice flavor and adequate # of warm tortillas, along with a plate of rice, guacamole salad, lettuce, sour cream, pico de gallo and refried beans.  Service was just a tiny bit slow, but not bad for having only been open for 1 week.   I will absolutely return!"
